DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM
This Data Protection Addendum ("Addendum") forms part of the ————— ("Agreement") between:
————- ("Client") and —————-("Atos").
This Addendum describes the parties’ obligations regarding the processing of personal data on behalf of the
Client, by Atos for the purposes of performing the Services.
Definitions
• Controller: the natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or any other body which alone or
jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
• Processor: a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or any other body which processes
Personal Data on behalf of and under the strict instructions of the Controller.
• Personal Data: any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data
subject’); an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by
reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological,
mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
1. Client’s obligations
(a) The Parties expressly agree that (i) Client is the Data Controller for the Personal Data processed
for the purpose of the provision of the Services under this Agreement, and (ii) Atos is the
Processor in the event it processes (including to store) Personal Data on behalf of Client when
performing the Services.
(b) The client shall pay Atos for providing Data Processing services.
(c) Any Client Personal Data is processed on the basis of an adequate legal ground as permitted
under Applicable Data Protection Law:
(i) any Personal Data is processed based on the main region(s) [European Union or Other]
and categories of the data subject(s) whose data will be processed under Applicable Data
Protection Law.
(ii) any Personal Data is processed based on the main categories of processing activities
which are conducted by Atos on personal data processed under Applicable Data
Protection Law.
(iii) any Personal Data is processed based on the origin of the data collected.
(d) As Data Controller, Client shall provide Atos with documented instructions regarding the
processing of Client Personal Data.
(e) Client shall adapt its Instructions in case of an infringement notice from Atos.
2. Service Provider’s obligations
(a) Atos shall process Personal Data on behalf of Client exclusively and only in accordance with
the Instruction received from Client.
(b) Atos has an obligation to deliver Data Processing Services to the Client.
(c) If Atos becomes aware of the fact that all or part of the Instruction it receives from Client may
constitute an infringement of Applicable Data Protection Law or any relevant applicable law,
it shall inform Client of such potential infringement. Atos shall suspend processing data service
if the client has failed to adapt its instructions. Client shall request resuming the service of
processing data after adapting the instructions.
(d) Atos shall maintain a record of processing activities.
(e) Client shall be entitled to request communication of a copy of the said record. Atos shall
communicate such copy.
3. Termination
(a) The contract shall be terminated if both parties agree to the termination and payments due are
paid by the Client.