This contract is entered into effective as of <effDate>, between Medical CBRN (Chemical, Biological, Radiological and
Nuclear) Defense Consortium Transport (MCDC) as <Government> and Pfizer as <Manufacturer>.
1. Manufacturing & Delivery
1.1 The Government may request that Pfizer produces and delivers vaccine doses. Any order will provide for a minimum
of <minQuantity> doses while an aggregate number of doses ordered shall not exceed <maxQuantity>.
1.2 Upon any request, Manufacturer shall inform the Government of appropriate lead times, and Manufacturer
and the Government shall mutually agree on an appropriate estimated delivery schedule.
1.3 Pfizer anticipates providing the vaccine, subject to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval or
authorization, as <temperature>°C frozen product that needs to be maintained at or below that temperature
prior to dosing. The Government acknowledges that Manufacturer’s responsibility for cold chain will cease
upon delivery.
1.4 Manufacturer will notify the Government of the date by which doses will become available for delivery. The
Government will confirm dosage orders by ship-to location <deliveryAdd> in advance of those dates.
1.5 Even if a vaccine is successfully developed and obtains FDA regulatory approval or authorization, Pfizer shall
have no liability for any failure to deliver doses in accordance with the estimated delivery dates to the extent
any such change in delivery dates is based on emerging data, regulatory guidance, manufacturing and technical
developments, or other risks outside Pfizer’s control.
2. Payment
2.1 Due to variances in fill/finish yield, Manufacturer shall invoice for and the Government shall pay for actual
quantities delivered, at a rate of $ <unitPrice> per dose.
2.2 Upon release, Manufacturer will ship the doses to the Government. Manufacturer expects to invoice the
Government every month for released doses that have been shipped during each such monthly period. The
Government will pay all such invoices within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof.
2.3 The Government will have no right to withhold payment in respect of any delivered doses unless the FDA has
withdrawn approval or authorization of the vaccine.
3. Termination
3.1 Except as required by applicable law or regulation or judicial or administrative order, the Government shall
not have the authority to issue a Stop-Work Order to halt the work contemplated under this Statement of
Work.
3.2 In the event of termination of this Agreement, or expiration of this Agreement at the end of the period of
performance, any Party hereto shall not be released of any liability, including any outstanding payments of
the Government for doses previously delivered hereunder, which at the time of termination or expiration had
already accrued to the other party in respect to any act or omission prior thereto.